NMS-14619: Quick Start: Determine service availability (#5350)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/service-assurance/service-monitors.adoc

= Service Monitors

The pollerd service uses service monitors to check the status of services running on nodes.

> These monitors will track if services are up or down and generate outages if the desired service state is not met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These monitors will track if services are up or down, and will generate outages if the desired service state is not met.
```

> Monitoring is a separate process from our performance management component that collects metrics from nodes to generate graphs and threshold alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitoring is a separate process from the performance management component.
Performance management processes collect metrics from nodes to generate graphs and threshold alerts.
```

== Supported monitors

> For information on supported monitors and how to configure them, see the xref:reference:service-assurance/introduction.adoc[service monitor reference section].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on supported monitors and how to configure them, see the xref:reference:service-assurance/introduction.adoc[Service Monitor reference section].
```
